what's going on guys today I'm going to
be showing you Jews location and what he
sells all the items so follow me to the
tower to get to the jewel so if you
double pooed subscribe otherwise I
appreciate it now you is located on the
same belief right here now let's see
what he bring is right he brings us okay
exotic weapon Becky Christian Golden Age
mean you should model straight once
changed okay well that actually you guys
forget about that that that's for my
barony feeling sorry alright so today's
what you brings us is helmet for Titan
class hell not innocent light we can't
release it we have read to for hunting
to light is 313 stench cones let's check
it out check it out okay there is no
preview well actually let me show you
just I guess all this stuff being the
next one we have a gauntlet for hunter
class young a hum cajas spine to at40 be
upgradeable to frequent and 29 light is
fury very strange phones now for the
Warlocks we have a helmet light beyond
nemesis they can't for a certain be
upgraded to 402 lat is fury certain
stage cones and for the exotic weapon we
have plenty once again so as last week
we had the same weapon which is I'm not
very excited about that but they will go
plenty to hunt 74 kb upgrade to 300
magazine is 5 actually put a nice fusion
rifle and as of the new update we've got
an exotic shard I'm going to go get them
but if you don't know what it is i'm
going to show you so let me quiet there
we go now let's go back and i'm going to
show you what it is used for now I do
remember I had something I was needed to
use it with
wait okay just let's just take anything
right so anyways pretty much an exotic
weapon now they've changed it in you
don't need you need an energy for the
weapons all the shards for the armor now
you use the exotic shard as the last
year of the upgrade as you can see right
here that's cost seven stage bones guys
so thank you for watching if you the
motionplus subscribe all the lights are
appreciated and I see you later on
destiny bye bye